Miss Shen is a bunch of idiots
How could that trash know the queen of business?
That must be a fake
That trash can call and lie
He even found someone to pretend to be a member of the Shen family
It's really a show and a fist
It's a big sin to find someone to pretend to be the eldest lady of the Shen family
If the Shen family knew about this
I will definitely not forgive him
Since you are so naive for the sake of face
Dad?
I lived with him for three years after all.
You can't just let a dog die
I personally took him to the Shen family to apologize
Shen Laozhong's is ancient poison
Two days later
The gods are also saved
Gu Du, who is so bold?
How dare you poison the Shen family?
Let's check this later.
I will test the needle for Mr. Shen now.
What a clever stitch
Shen Laozhong's poison is deeper
It takes two hours to fully understand
Do not pull the silver needle out during this period
I'm going to the bathroom first
How is Uncle Tingting?
I have invited Xu Chenyi
I believe it will heal soon.
Where did you invite Yamano Langzhong?
I've got Professor Paul from Beyond the Wall for you
Heavy righteousness is the soul-building left over from history
I have long dared to disappear to hurt others
Miss Shen, please hand over the patient to me
Mr. Xu said that this silver needle cannot be pulled out yet.
At least wait until he comes back before manual
What? Paul's medical skills are renowned in the West
How many golden nobles abroad are queuing up to beg him?
Miss Shin, I don't have the time to waste time here
If I leave, I will be responsible